Solution (#889)
mate-academy/react_article: README.md

# React article

> - Replace `<your_account>` with your Github username in the [DEMO LINK](https://11Оля112.github.io/react_article/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace `<your_account>` with your Github username in the [DEMO LINK](https://11Olya112.github.io/react_article/)
```

> - Replace `<your_account>` with your Github username in the [DEMO LINK](https://11Оля112git checkout -b develop.github.io/react_article/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace `<your_account>` with your Github username in the [DEMO LINK](https://11Olya112.github.io/react_article/)
```
